Lord Blow God of War, you have no right to ask me, right?
Subordinates see God Shuai
God is handsome, he can't
Can't be handsome
Don't kneel when you see God Shuai
Impossible this is impossible
Know why
Zhenbei Army God Shuai
Three years ago, I was reading the Nine-Power Allied Forces
Then it suddenly disappeared
Because something has to hide the light
To see the true face of you people
Come here.
Don't kill me
If you kill me, who will lead the troops?
When I was still in my northern army barracks
You should still be just an alley
I am Putian because of your heart
Improper person
The high position will be as smoky as it is now
It's hard to get drunk